Hey, good morning family.
How are you all doing today?
I have my wife with me again, my companion, my friend.
We're excited.
We're going to talk to you all about hearing the voice of the Lord and following the peace of God in your life so that you can hear Him for yourself.
The Holy Spirit is no respecter of persons.
The Lord is not.
And I believe with all my heart that He wants you to live a good life, to live a life full of abundance to the full until it overflows.
We don't have to struggle spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, or emotionally in any area of our life.
He wants us to be successful.
You know, we get a lot of people emailing us on a day-to-day basis asking, 'Hey, can you hear the Lord for me?
Can you tell me where I'm supposed to invest my money?
Can you tell me if I'm supposed to move or if I'm supposed to buy a new car?
' It's amazing the emails that we get.
I see the lack in the body of Christ of hearing the voice of God for themselves.
The prophets of old, they heard for the world.
They heard what was coming because the Holy Spirit didn't dwell in each individual person yet, since Jesus hadn't died on the cross.
When He died on the cross, He came and He lives on the inside of every believer.
The moment you receive Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, you have your wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He dwells on the inside of you.
It's exciting as a believer.
That's right.
And it's for a child too.
The moment a child asks Jesus Christ to be the Lord and Savior, they have the ability to hear the Lord.
He didn't make it hard; we make it hard by trying to complicate it with our thoughts.
I don't know; maybe I've developed a different kind of relationship with the Lord.
It seems like in my life, because I've had so many challenges with my learning, I believe maybe there's a lot of simplicity in that.
It's because I always stick with being like a child because in my mind, having learning disabilities and all the things that I've gone through in life, I've had to trust Him.
I've had to get down inside every single day and say, 'Lord, help me,' because of the things that I've overcome.
Maybe if you have a genius IQ, you try to rely on your more intellectual self all the time to get through life.
You feel you don't have to have the Holy Spirit.
I think that intellect can sometimes get in the way of your relationship with God because if you overthink things, it's supposed to be very simple and very childlike.
You just come to Him and say, 'God, I need you.
I want to sit at your feet today; tell me what's on your heart.
Lead me and guide me today.
' Every day you wake up and say, 'Father, I come to you today and I thank you that you lead and guide me in everything I do and every step I take, that it's all of you and none of me.
' Sometimes we overcomplicate it.
I believe a lot of people think that you have to have a certain method; it has to be like algebra, and it's not.
A lot of believers always ask, 'What's the difference between my thoughts and the Holy Spirit?
' They ask that all the time.
'How do I know it's the Holy Spirit speaking to me?
' He is the one that has the peace that passes all understanding.
It's that inward peace.
If you follow your peace...
I was talking to you all a couple of videos ago about how when I talk to somebody on the phone or I'm around somebody, the Holy Spirit instantaneously tugs at my heart.
I do not hear an audible voice like I'm talking to my wife right now.
The Holy Spirit doesn't speak like that.
He speaks in that still, small voice, and I follow that peace.
If he says in my spirit that person right there has ill intentions for you, he automatically speaks inside of me to warn me.
Or say I want to go and buy a mega-house.
You think, 'Well, God supplies all my needs according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus, and God's just going to provide for us and we're just going to go out and buy a million-dollar house today.
' That could be presumptuous.
You can get real fleshy and weird by trying to follow the peace and thinking, 'Well, I can afford it because God's going to provide for me,' but you have that inward tug saying, 'Don't do that.
That's foolish.
Don't do that.
' That's the Holy Spirit trying to lead you and guide you.
In the natural, you can believe God for more, but you need to stay where your faith is at.
If you can't believe God for five dollars, how do you think you're going to believe God for a million?
You've got to learn how to take your baby steps by faith every single day and grow it like you go to the gym.
You work out and you're lifting weights, and you increase that weight every couple of months.
You get stronger and stronger.
Eventually, you're going to be able to lift a lot more than what you did when you first started.
But you've got to take it a day at a time.
I think a lot of people start acting weird or flaky because they're impatient.
It takes development.
Back in the sixties and seventies, mom used to tell me about it.
You used to have the one-hour MotoPhoto.
That was when we were kids.
You could go and get your pictures done within an hour, and we were excited to get those in an hour.
At first, it took about a week to go get your pictures done at Walmart or at the Kodak store.
They had some kind of development center where you take your film.
It took time, a process of developing those pictures.
Then they came out with Polaroids.
You'd see things being developed really fast in front of your face.
When I was a little boy, they got those Polaroid pictures and grandma would take them for our birthdays.
She'd hand you those photos and we got so accustomed to wanting things so quickly.
We want it right now.
There's a process of development.
Whenever you're taking a picture of your life and you look at yourself, you change.
We go from glory to glory, but we have to be patient.
There are no shortcuts.
Now we're used to the iPhone click and it's there.
You can download it and send it to Australia in seconds.
It doesn't take any time at all because we're so accustomed to having it right then.
But there is a development in the spirit.
There's a development in your walk with Jesus that takes time.
It is not something that you're going to get overnight.
It is a trial.
There is a refiner's fire that comes with your development, walking with Jesus, hearing Him, knowing Him intimately, and following His voice.
It's a development like the old way you did your film.
And the Bible says if you seek, He'll knock, and Seek ye first the kingdom of God.
Knock, and the door will be opened to him.
Seek, and you shall find.
I believe with all my heart that people are wanting that instantaneous drive-thru Christianity.
They want to hit you in the head with a cheeseburger as you drive by because you don't even want to chew it up anymore.
Open the window, the carhop goes at you and hits your head, and you keep driving because you don't even want to chew.
We've got to slow down and realize that development with Jesus takes time.
Just like anything worth doing is worth doing well and doing right.
Following that still, small voice in your day-to-day life is key.
If you have a check, follow that peace that passes all understanding.
If somebody comes up to you and says, "Listen, I've got this investment opportunity for you," and you instantaneously have a feeling of irritation—it just weighs heavy and doesn't feel right—you know there's something not right about it.
You could study it, but the Holy Spirit could be leading you to have peace while you reason in your mind.
You feel a prompting in your spirit to do something, but you reason yourself out of the blessing because you try to add your intellect to the things of the Spirit.
You can't do that because He sees more in the future than what you know of your past.
He knows the great inventions and creative ideas to get wealth, but you will reason in your mind and cause a complete meltdown because you're trying to think, "Is this really God?
" When you have that peace and that green light, but then you say, "I don't feel like I should do this," you're using your intellect to try to navigate through the Spirit.
You can't do that.
You have to get in the Spirit when it comes to hearing Him and get out of your flesh.
Say you're dating somebody and you feel this person is the cat's meow, the best thing ever, but then you feel a check about that person.
The Lord is telling you not to marry them.
You're like, "Well, they look so handsome or beautiful, and I really feel this is God.
" But you're looking at the outward appearance.
They are just really nice-looking people, and you start questioning that inward check because the Holy Spirit said, "Don't marry them.
" You don't see the intent of their heart; this is going to wind up in a disaster.
He's warning you: "Do not be unequally yoked with an unbeliever.
" You might think, "I can get them saved; we can date and I'll get them saved.
" You think after a couple of dates, if you lead them to Jesus, then they'll be a Christian and everything will be alright.
But the Bible strictly says, "Do not be unequally yoked with an unbeliever.
" The Word is already guiding you.
That's the ultimate voice—the Word of God.
If the Word says it, that's all you need to know.
Read the scriptures; look things up about marriage or finances.
That is the ultimate authority, even beyond your peace.
If the Bible says you can have it, you can.
If it says don't do it, don't do it.
It's that simple.
Fornication and adultery are wrong; the Bible says don't do it.
Staying pure sexually is all there.
Following the voice of the Lord for your life—that is the manual we go by.
When you have the Word and peace combined, it's unfailing; it is the perfect path for your life.
Whenever it says, "Do not be unequally yoked with unbelievers," it's just God trying to protect you.
It doesn't matter about the beauty; find a woman or a man who loves the Lord their God with all their heart, mind, soul, and strength.
Your road is going to be a lot easier.
It's crucial in these last days.
If you say, "I don't have anybody like that around me," make your petition unto God.
Write down what you're believing for: a godly spouse, a house, or whatever.
Write those things down and make it plain.
Put it on your refrigerator, your bathroom mirror, or your car visor—someplace where you can see it all the time.
Let that be a reminder.
Then pray over it, put your hand on it, and say, "I believe, I receive.
" Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
I believe with all my heart, Father, that You said You supply all my needs according to Your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
Every need is not just financial; it's physical, spiritual, mental, and emotional.
It's whatever you need to operate in abundance until it overflows.
Growing up, my mom and dad and I would find a house we knew we could afford, go to the property, and lay hands on it.
We would say, "Father, I thank You that we have favor to find a house like this.
" I'm not saying go around coveting everyone's houses.
If it's not for sale, don't do weird stuff.
But if the house is for sale, say, "Father, I thank You for open doors of opportunity to purchase this home.
You said You'd give me the desires of my heart, and I thank You that You are the God of more than enough.
" Lay hands on that piece of land and believe you receive it in the name of Jesus.
Believe by faith.
If you feel a leading and the Lord tells you this is your piece of property, stand on the Word.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you're believing for and use that as your foundation.
Then find that peace.
If you don't have peace about it, don't go with it.
But if you have peace, follow it.
We do it all the time.
"Father, I thank You that You said You provide for us.
I thank You, God, that You're going to take care of us and do the things You said in Your Word.
" That's where we stand.
There were many times in the past when I followed a spirit of heaviness.
I would be walking around and feel an urge to pray, thinking I had to pray all the time.
Yeah.
Because don't you just feel that?
I used to.
I felt like impending doom all the time.
Well, I feel there's a terrorist attack coming.
I feel this coming and everything.
Well, you know, I've got to pray over this.
I feel that there's going to be some kind of major weather event or an earthquake.
And you walk around in this fear bubble because I'm an intercessor.
That's supposed to happen; I'm supposed to be praying.
And the Lord addressed it one day and he told me, 'Brandon, what are you doing?
' And I said, 'Well, I'm interceding, Lord.
I said there's a heaviness.
You're calling me to pray.
' He said, 'No, that is a spirit of forebodings that is tormenting you, Brandon.
I want you to live life in abundance to the full until it overflows.
And you are not doing that.
You are living underneath a dark shadow.
My yoke is easy and my burden is light.
' And that's where he was saying to me, 'You're living underneath a burden.
' And my wife can testify to it; I lived that way.
I felt like I was in tears all the time walking.
I'm interceding for somebody, I don't know who it is.
And I would walk around acting so spiritual, like I was praying all the time at work, at church, or wherever.
And people would ask, 'Are you okay today, Brother Brandon?
' 'Oh, no, man.
I've got the burden to pray.
I've got a burden to pray.
' And it sounded like you were doing something so spiritual and it was the flesh.
It was a demonic spirit tormenting you because fear has torment.
But perfect love casteth out all fear.
And I'm telling you, a spirit of forebodings to get on you as a believer because you think you're doing good by thinking you're praying.
But the Lord wants you to have joy, ladies and gentlemen.
The Bible said he wants you to have exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think, but in joy unspeakable and full of glory.
The joy of the Lord is our strength.
There's so many things about joy and walking in peace that passes all understanding.
So, I just felt in my spirit, because I know a lot of intercessory prayer people follow my channel, that if you walk around with heaviness all the time, check it.
And this is what I do: 'Father, if this is you praying,' and I question it—I'm just trying to teach you how to do it—'Father, if this is you telling me to intercede for something, then speak on.
But if this is a spirit of forebodings, a tormenting spirit of fear, I bind it right now in the name of Jesus and I cast you out.
You get out of here and you leave me alone.
I will not walk in a spirit of torment and fear, but 2 Timothy 1:7 says that God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind, and I will walk in a balanced mind in no fear.
' So, Father, if this is you and you're warning me to pray about something, then speak on.
But if it is not, I command this spirit to get out of here now and address it just like that.
And the moment you start doing that, you'll feel even more of a tug because the Holy Spirit is the one leading you and guiding you into all things.
He's trying to protect you.
He wants you to live that life in abundance.
So he's going to tell you, 'That's me.
That's me.
You better pray now.
Come on, let's jump in the river together,' and you just go in that because then you'll know this is the Holy Spirit really trying to lead me and he's trying to help me because he wants you to follow that peace.
And so I hope that helped with that.
I really feel like it's important.
I feel like I'm talking to somebody about this because the Lord put that on my heart right then to tell you: do not let a spirit of torment push you around.
You have authority over the devil and you don't have to walk in fear in any area of your life about any calamity.
We are the victors, not the victims.
So I want my wife to read this to you.
This is an amazing book.
You know, we were at prayer on Sunday at church, which was amazing.
Every single time we go, we get refilled.
We go and participate at the Glorious Church Fellowship prayer a lot.
If you're looking for people that want to jump in the river, we look for it all the time, listening to Lynne Hammond online at Living Word in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and the prayer conference, wanting to grow ourselves spiritually in prayer.
Pastor Candace leads that prayer group at The Glory's Church, and they're anointed.
We used to listen to a lot of other prayer groups and we still do.
But I would encourage everybody, if you want to grow spiritually, you've got to listen to prayer people.
You've got to feed your spirit just like faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
You've got to feed your spirit so you'll grow in that area and in prayer.
It's like wanting to learn math and be really good at it, but you never go to math classes.
Yeah, that's exactly right, babe.
And then you're taking a spelling class trying to learn math and you're hoping you'll just catch math along the way.
No, but you never go to math class.
So, this is where I'm saying we find books.
When I went to prayer on Sunday, the Lord downloaded so much stuff to me and I walked away.
I said, 'Hey, babe.
This is what the Lord said tonight in prayer.
' And she said, 'That's exactly what he said to me.
' And it was to help me out with helping this channel and things.
And the Lord gave her...
because I said, 'Lord, you're going to have to talk to Diana about this.
I need your help with that.
' We flow together on this because I wanted this to flow perfectly.
And she said, 'He's already told me, hun.
' She said, 'I heard him to get this book right here.
' And so this is a book by Brother Hagin, but she was reading these chapters to me, and I want her to read this part right here.
This is really important and let it minister to y'all because it goes along with what we're trying to teach you all, that Brother Hagin walked this out as a young believer and how he became a spiritual giant in my eyes.
I mean, I don't see anybody in the natural that heard the Lord as clear in this generation.
Yeah.
So he had an open-eyed vision and he saw Jesus come and sit by his bed and he talked to him for an hour and a half.
And this says Jesus said to me: 'The prophet of the New Testament is very similar to the prophet of the Old Testament in that the prophet of the Old Testament was called a seer because he saw and knew things supernaturally.
The prophet of the New Testament also sees and knows things supernaturally.
But the prophet of the New Testament does not have the same status as the prophet of the Old Testament in that I did not set prophets in the church to guide the church.
A Christian under the New Testament need not seek guidance through prophets.
He might receive guidance through prophets, but he should not seek it.
It is unscriptural to do so.
The ministry of the New Testament prophet in this area is only to confirm what people already have in their own spirits.
Under the Old Covenant, only the priest, the prophet, and the king were anointed by the Holy Spirit to stand in those offices.
What you would call the laity did not have the spirit of God upon them or in them.
Therefore, under the Old Covenant, people would seek guidance through the prophet because he had the spirit of God.
' Under the New Testament, thanks be to God, we not only have the Spirit of God upon us, we have Him in us.
Jesus also said to me, 'Under the New Covenant, it does not say, "As many as are led by prophets, they are the sons of God.
" The New Testament says, "For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
"' See Romans.
Get that scripture down inside of you.
You read that again, baby.
I love that scripture: 'For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
' Romans.
So, you're going to be led by the Spirit of God, and that shows you're a son of God—not led by a prophet, not led by your pastor, but by the Spirit of God.
Now, He may use your pastor or use a prophetic voice to help you along the way, but it's to confirm some things; ultimately, it's on you by the Spirit of God in you.
Does that make sense?
Because that's biblical right there.
Romans.
Then He said, 'The number one way, the primary way that I lead all of my children, is by the inward witness.
' I am going to show you how that works so you won't make the mistakes you have made in the past.
Then He called my attention to something that had been happening to me for the previous three days.
For the past three days, I had sat down to write a letter to a pastor confirming a date to hold a meeting for him.
Somehow, the first day I got about half of a page, and then I tore it up and threw it in the wastebasket.
The next day I did the same thing.
The third day I did the same thing.
Then it was the day that the Lord was here in the room talking to me.
Jesus said, 'You see me sitting here talking to you.
This is a manifestation of the Spirit called discerning of spirits.
' Discerning of spirits is seeing into the spirit realm.
This is the prophet's ministry in operation.
You are seeing into the realm of the spirit.
'You see me, you hear me talking.
I am bringing you through the vision a word of knowledge and also a word of wisdom.
I am telling you not to go to that church.
The pastor would not accept the way that you would minister when you got there.
But I am never going to lead you this way again.
' And He never has, and that was many years ago.
'From now on, I'm going to lead you by the inward witness.
' You had the inward witness all the time.
You had a check in your spirit.
That's the reason you tore up the letter three times.
You had something on the inside—a check, a red light, a stop signal.
It wasn't even a voice that said, 'Don't go.
' It was just an inward intuition.
Then Jesus reminded me of another invitation.
I had preached at a convention for one of the Full Gospel denominations the previous year.
Nearly every pastor there asked me if I could come hold a meeting.
I had hundreds of calls.
One fellow came up to me and said, 'Brother Hagin, do you ever go to small churches?
' I said, 'I go anywhere the Lord says to go.
' 'Well, we only run about 70 to 90 in Sunday school, but if God ever speaks to you, we want you to come.
' I dismissed that conversation along with many others.
Several months later, however, while praying in the church one day about my services that night, that conversation came back to me.
Then every day it continued to come back to me.
Finally, after about 30 or 40 days, I said, 'Lord, do you want me to go to that little church for a meeting?
' The more I would pray about it, the more I would think about it, as we say, the better I would feel about it on the inside of me.
It wasn't a physical feeling, but it was a feeling in my spirit—peace.
Jesus, sitting by my bedside, referred to this: 'The more you thought about it, the better you felt about it.
You had a velvety-like feeling in your spirit.
That's the green light.
That's the go-ahead signal.
That's the witness of the Spirit to go.
Now you see me sitting here, you hear me talking to you, and I'm telling you to go to that church.
But I am never going to lead you to go anywhere like this again.
' He never has.
'From now on, I'm going to lead you just like I do every other Christian: by the inward witness.
' Then the Lord said this to me, which is not just for my benefit, but also for yours: 'If you will learn to follow that inward witness, I will make you rich.
I will guide you in all the affairs of life, financial as well as spiritual.
' Some think God is only interested in their spiritual well-being and nothing else, but He is interested in everything we are interested in.
'I am not opposed to my children being rich; I'm opposed to their being covetous.
' I have followed that inward witness, and He has done just what He said He would do.
He has made me rich.
Someone said, 'Are you a millionaire?
' I didn't say that.
Some people fail to realize what the word rich means.
It means a full supply.
It means abundant provision.
I have more than a full supply.
I have more than abundant provision.
It is because I learned to follow the leading of the Spirit by the inward witness.
What He did for me, He will do for you.
It won't come overnight or by the next Saturday night, but as you learn to develop your spirit and follow that inward witness, He will guide you in every area of your life.
It won't come overnight, but as you develop it, be patient.
I knew a man down in Texas who had never worn a pair of shoes until he was 12 years old.
He only had a fifth-grade education, but way back when money was money, he was a millionaire.
Two different people—one from California and the other from Minnesota—who had been frequent houseguests in his home, told me that this man told each of them the same thing.
He said to them both, 'In all these years and in all these investments—that's how he made his money—I never lost a dime.
' That beats my record.
How about yours?
'Everything I have ever invested in has made money,' he said to each of them on different occasions.
Then he told them how he did it: 'I always do this.
When someone comes along with an idea wanting me to invest in something, my first reaction is mental.
Now, I know what Jesus said: "When you pray, enter into your closet.
" He didn't necessarily mean you have to go get into a closet to pray.
I know He meant for us to shut things out, but I have a large closet in my bedroom where I go to pray.
I pray about it.
I wait long enough until I hear what my spirit says.
Sometimes I wait three days.
Now, it doesn't mean that I stay in there 24 hours a day.
I might come out and eat one meal—usually, I miss a few.
I come out and sleep a little bit, but the majority of the time I am waiting just by myself until I know by an inward witness what I am to do.
Sometimes my head says, "Boy, you would be a fool to put your money in that; you'll lose your shirt.
" But my heart says, "Go ahead and invest in it.
" So I do.
And in all these years, I have never lost a dime.
' Then again, someone comes along with a deal and my head says, 'Boy, you better get in on that one.
' But I don't pay any attention to my head.
I get in that closet and I wait.
Sometimes all night long, I wait.
I'll pray and read my Bible, but a lot of the time I just wait.
I just get quiet until I hear inside what my heart says.
When my heart says, 'No, don't do it,' and my head says, 'Yes, you better get in on it,' I don't do it.
What had this man done?
He had learned to follow the inward witness, and God had guided him in his business.
By the late '30s and early '40s, he was already worth two million dollars.
That doesn't sound big now, but it was then.
Do you think God loved him more than He loves you?
No.
But this man took time to listen to God.
He took steps and measures to wait upon God.
The inward witness is just as supernatural as guidance through visions and so on; it is just not as spectacular.
Many people are looking for the spectacular and they are missing the supernatural that is right there all the time.
Yeah.
Do you get it?
That's what I'm trying to teach y'all.
It's following that inward peace in your life—that peace that passes all understanding.
There's so many times people come up to me and say, 'Hey, I believe this thing will help Megan.
I believe because you know my daughter is overcoming autism.
' They'll try to come up with some kind of health thing and tell us that this is the cure-all for her and you just put her on this or you put her on that, but my inward peace is not there.
And I said, 'I do not feel a green light on this.
I feel this is like snake oil.
This is not going to work.
' But Brother Brandon, we've had all this research and all this stuff on it.
And the Holy Spirit said, 'Don't do that.
I'm telling you this is not for you.
' And they say, 'Well, it's changed so many lives.
' Well, good for them, but that's not for me.
So, you have to go with the peace over your life.
They could tell you that it's changed 50,000 people's lives and they're better and everything else has done it and it's the cure-all for them.
But if you don't have a peace for you, then you follow that inward peace and you pray.
It's like he went into his closet for two or three days sometimes and would go in there and pray and seek the Lord for himself.
Everybody is different.
Nobody's cookie-cutter.
God did not make cookie-cutter Christians and pull them out and cook them on a sheet and say, 'Look, everybody looks like a gingerbread.
' Everyone looks different, but we're all different.
Yeah.
But we're all made in His image and we all have the Holy Spirit on the inside of us if you're a born-again Christian.
I believe with all my heart He'll guide each and every single one of us.
But it's going to be different.
So you can't get disappointed if He tells you no and you feel like Billy Bob over here was told yes.
Why'd He tell you no?
I don't know.
Just follow the peace of God for you and whatever you feel in your heart, do it with all your heart, mind, soul, and strength.
I had one lady say, 'I hear all these people talking about investing in gold and silver, but the Lord told me not to do it.
What do you think that's about?
Should I do it?
' I said, 'No, if the Holy Spirit told you not to do it, then don't do it.
' I can't answer for you.
I just know that that's what the Holy Spirit has told certain people and they may say, 'Hey, I took hundreds of thousands of dollars and invested in gold and silver,' and then the Lord said, 'Don't do that for you.
' I can't question that.
You have to follow your peace.
I think that's the best.
You will never ever miss it if you follow the peace.
This is one thing: we tried to fleece God once, and a lot of people try to fleece God.
They say, you know, like Gideon, Gideon put the fleece out there and did all that he did and the Lord used it to help him.
But Gideon didn't have the Holy Spirit dwelling on the inside of him like we have.
That was Old Covenant.
And so, under the New Covenant now, you can put out a fleece and get fleeced real quick.
But I've done it, and I'm not recommending anybody else do it, but I did it.
I told the Lord whenever we were starting out to go full-time doing eBay and Poshmark, and then I felt the Holy Spirit say, 'I want you to tell Diana it's time for her to move on from the church doing accounting there and I want you to go full-time into this.
' And I thought, 'Oh man.
' I never told her at all.
I was scared actually because I said, 'Man, I like the security of every two weeks having something.
' The Lord said, 'Brandon, you're asking me for increase and I'm trying to bring increase to you.
You've got to let go.
' It's like an acrobat.
A trapeze artist grabs on to the next thing, but you don't want to let go of what's behind you because it's comfortable.
You've got to sometimes let go and grab on by faith to the next thing so that God can take you from glory to glory.
But many times we latch on to what's behind us and we don't want to let go of it.
But God's saying go out and grab on to the next thing.
You're going to have to do some things by faith.
And it may make your flesh feel uncomfortable to do what I've asked you to do.
But you've got to be obedient.
And sometimes you're just going to have to do it blindly.
Just do what He tells you to do and do it by faith.
If He says do it, well, I don't see how it makes any sense, and you grab on to it and you swing out and you're in a better position than what you were because you stepped out by faith.
And that's where we were.
I didn't want to step out.
She didn't know the Lord was dealing with me this way.
But I told Him, I said, 'Lord, if this is you, then let there be four inches of rain,' because I know in Oklahoma in the middle of summer, we don't get a lot of rain.
It's dry a lot of times.
So I was trying to make it really hard.
I thought, 'Lord, I'm going to make this one unmistakable.
' And I told Him, I said, 'If you make it four inches of rain in one night, I'll know it's you and we'll quit and I'll move by faith.
But right now, Father, I'm tired.
I need you to give me a sign.
' On July the 5th, it rained four inches—not just in one night, but in about an hour or two-hour span.
It came down and the storm parked right over the top of the house.
It was a toad strangler.
I'm talking cow patty lifting going down the road.
I'm talking more rain than was standing and it was a gully washer.
I stood up there and I thought, 'Are we going to see that four inches of rain?
Even if it's three and a half, it's not what I asked for,' because I didn't want to do it.
Forgive me, Lord.
You know my heart.
But it got up to four inches.
I went out there and checked the thing and it was four inches.
Right on.
I started screaming and I went, 'Praise God.
Okay, God, we'll do it.
' I put the food coloring inside of it so I could take a picture of it as a reminder of what God did for us to show me to step out by faith.
And right after Labor Day, you walked in and you did what the Lord told us to do and we've never looked back since.
God has provided and taken care of us.
We thought, 'Why did we wait so long out of fear of letting go of the baton of the acrobat?
' We don't recommend the fleecing.
But I was struggling and He came through where I needed Him.
I'm so thankful for Him.
Sometimes when you're weak, He makes you strong.
And even in those times, it was mercy that brought me through.
It was God's grace when we needed it the most.
But we let go of that and we just reached out and we grabbed on to it and, like I said, never looked back since.
And if you told me to do it in the natural, my flesh was screaming because I just got laid off because our pastor fell morally not too long from then.
They had to lay off a lot of employees.
The finances dried up.
But you know what?
God's always faithful.
Even in my stubbornness when He was trying to tell me to do something, He was still merciful.
There are some more stories, but for the sake of time, we won't get into those today.
I just wanted to come on and encourage you all to live by faith.
Live with everything you have inside of you: the Holy Spirit.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Encourage yourself today by getting in the Word.
Pray and pray some more.
The Lord said to me, "Brandon, I want you to be quick to pray and slow to speak, quick to get in My Word and slow to make decisions.
Don't do things hastily; do not be hasty in anything.
I'm not in a hurry; the Holy Spirit's not in a hurry.
" Follow the peace that passes all understanding in your life.
As we pray for this country, for our government, the finances, and all the things that we have, don't take the care of it.
Do not take the care of the election for 2024 and say, "Well, if so-and-so wins the election, our country is done for.
" No, I don't believe that with all my heart.
I believe that God is going to—we're going to have a major revival yet, and there's going to be a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord on this generation like we've never seen before.
Part of what He told me—and I did not say this last time—He said the Holy Spirit told me (I was so excited in the last video I did, I forgot this part), "Operating in what's coming from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah will be like operating in the natural, like taking a breath.
" It will be that close and that easy to get into the supernatural.
That's exciting!
Operating in the supernatural will be like taking a breath; it will be that easy to tap into the realm of the spirit.
It won't be hard to jump over and walk in the gifts of the Spirit and miracles, signs, and wonders—demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
It will be like taking a breath in the natural.
Does that make sense?
That's exciting.
Walking in the supernatural, just like "boom," it's like walking like that.
God is about to do something we've never seen before.
We have never seen on this earth what we're about to see.
This is going to be a new thing.
"Behold, I'm going to do a new thing.
" And people say, "This is the way we did it in the past.
" He said, "I'm uncapping the wells of revival, of the healing revival.
" That doesn't mean it's going to be exactly like how they did it in the tent revivals.
He said, "Behold, I'm going to do a new thing.
" He's saying, "I'm going to uncap the wells of living water and healings.
" I'm telling you, creative miracles are about to take place like we've never seen before.
Starting from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, He said the beginning of the glorious outpouring of what you've asked for.
He said, "You'll see first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
" It may seem like, "What's going on?
" but the beginning will be during the Jewish festival feast.
God is about to do something major with the Body of Christ with signs and wonders, demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
I'm excited about it, and I want you to get excited.
Expectation brings the manifestation of what you've been believing for.
I want you to start expecting God to do something huge and supernatural in your life.
You've got to start believing Him that He will do the big things.
Believe for the impossible—what seems to be impossible.
He said, "I want My children to start believing Me for bigger.
" Believe Him for 2025 and finishing 2024, that it will be a time for believing God for bigger.
Believe Him for the supernatural.
Don't settle for second best anymore.
Believe for what is exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
It's time!
God wants to show off big in your life.
Will you believe Him for it?
Will you stand in the gap and believe for the supernatural in your life?
For your unsaved loved one to come home, for your child with special needs—like what we're believing for—for a supernatural miracle in their mind?
I believe it, that there will be a walking testimony, all for the glory of God.
I believe those are the days that we're about to see, and you won't be able to deny it.
They'll look back and try to disqualify or discredit it, but they can't because it will be that big.
That's exciting!
I believe it; we are in those days.
Let's believe for your manifestation today.
Let's believe for tomorrow, for the presidential debate to go well.
Let's believe for whatever you're asking the Father for today.
It could be a hangnail; it could be stage four cancer and you've got days to live, but nothing is impossible to him who believes.
Today is your day for your miracle.
Now, let's pray.
Father, I thank You.
You said where two are gathered together in Your name, You are there in the midst.
Whatsoever things are loosed on earth are loosed in heaven.
I believe with all my heart they are healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that they are healed from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We take authority over sickness and disease, and we tell you, "Satan, you're under our feet.
" Jesus paid the price and took it all on the cross for us.
According to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
I believe I receive right now complete manifestation of my healing.
From the top of my head to the soles of our feet, Lord, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We thank You, Lord, that every bad report that the devil's tried to give us, we say, "Thus far and no further.
You will not do this anymore.
" We have authority over sickness and we say, "Body, line up with the word of God.
" You said in your word, Lord, in 1 Peter 2:24 and You told us that Isaiah 53:5 says He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes we are healed.
We believe, Father, that we are healed and whole and well by Your stripes.
We are fully persuaded that what You've promised, You are able also to perform.
We are fully persuaded that You are our healer.
We speak to the mountain to "be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea.
" And if we shall not doubt in our heart, we shall have whatsoever things we say.
We speak to that mountain—mountain of sickness, mountain of disease, mountain of debt and lack—we tell you to go now in Jesus' name.
Be removed and be thou cast into the sea.
Father, I speak to marriages.
We pray over the marriages represented here, that their marriages are restored.
I thank You, Lord, that their children are restored.
We call blessing over the homes in Jesus' name.
There is peace and joy over their homes.
In the next couple of days, they'll say, "I see a complete turnaround in my household.
" Father, in joy, peace, and patience, I thank You that they operate in the fruits of the Spirit like never before.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they are light in the darkness and salt of the earth.
Father, I thank You that we have a light inside of us, that people look at us and say, 'There's something different about you.
' Father, there's something different about your countenance.
What is it about you?
And you can say, 'It's all for the glory of God.
' Father, I thank You that You anointed me in a way that the world is not familiar with, all for the glory of God, to lay hands on the sick and see them recover and to cast out devils in Your name.
I thank You, Lord, that this is a time and season of great signs and wonders, demonstrations, and manifestations of Your glory in these last days.
And I thank You, Father, that You would give President Trump wisdom and revelation.
Father, let his mind—any demonic spirits that would try to come against him in any way—Father, I thank You, Lord, that he would rise above all the darkness in these last days.
Father, rise above all the darkness and expose the darkness that has tried to destroy this nation.
Expose the darkness and we call it naught in Jesus' name.
We say that Your divine plan for America, Father, is coming to pass.
Father, I call it in right now in Jesus' name.
Angels of the Lord, manifest and make war against those demonic spirits.
And I thank You, Lord, for Your angels to protect us, guide us, and strengthen us, Father, for You said in Psalm 91 that they would bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I thank You, Father, for the Holy Spirit.
I thank You, Holy Spirit, that You are that peace that passes all understanding, that You are leading us and showing us the way to go in every area of our life.
I thank You, Father, for the manifestation of the Holy Spirit in our life every single day.
I thank You, Lord, for Your peace.
I thank You, Father, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everybody said, 'Amen.
' And amen.
Well, by the way, we are not on TikTok, Telegram, or WhatsApp.
We're not on there, and we're not asking for orphanage money.
We're not asking for crypto money or anything like that.
These people are trying to scam you all.
And we've had emails of people saying, 'Well, we gave to that.
' No, no, no.
These are scammers.
They're using AI or whatever they're trying to do to try to say they're me.
And I'm telling you all, these people are the devil, and you need to be watching out for yourself.
The only link that takes you to my channel is in the description below.
You click that link and you'll be able to go right to my Facebook, my Twitter, and all that stuff.
Do not go to any other thing thinking it's me because those are scammers.
If you want to follow me, you go on those links and click them and you'll follow the right one.
That's Brandon.
That's the only safe way to do it.
So I just want to tell y'all, just a heads up.
They've gotten some people, but you know, we pray God gives them back what the devil stole from them—double what the devil stole.
You know, God's a restorer of things, but we've got to use wisdom, too.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed; it really blesses us.
Click the notification bell.
Click the like button.
It is a real blessing to our family.
You are helping get the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
Every single time you do that, we're getting new people and new faces on this channel.
It is truly a blessing to us.
And we're almost to 400,000, all to the glory of God in just a short amount of time.
The Lord has done so much, and I just appreciate every one of you that have clicked the like button and the subscribe.
It's a blessing to us.
Thank you for being a part of this ministry, this YouTube channel.
It really blesses us.
So I just want to say that, you know, don't ever take it for granted.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you all again next time.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.